They used to serve their father before his untimely death. 
Their homeland has been taken from their people; they will reclaim it! 
They are on the run from their former gang. 
They were there when the last king died. 
They will be the one to rediscover #Y_0# and claim its riches for themselves.
They are deeply in love with their boss. 
Someone killed the person they loved. One day they will have my revenge. 
Their brother owns a brewery in the next town over. 
They have an estranged child who they have never met. 
They will do whatever it takes to keep their homeland safe.
The sacred texts must be protected. 
They robbed a powerful person in their past. 
They are working to pay off an old debt.
Their rival used to be their best friend. 
They murdered their neighbor. 
They were abandoned as a child and are searching for their family. 
They were orphaned as a child and will one day find their parents' killer. 
Their mother is their best friend. 
They still work in the business their father started. 
They are saving to buy the business their mother once owned. 
They want to start a business with their best friend. 
Their brother betrayed them leaving them destitute. 
They have been having an affair with a local politician. 
They have been branded a heretic by the church. 
They owe their life to the priest that took them in as a child. 
They have a child that they don't know about. 
If they ever see their father again there will be blood. 
They are the distant relation of a noble family and the unknown heir to a grand estate. 
Something important was stolen from them and they intend on stealing it back. 
They lost their spouse and still mourn their passing. 
They became separated from their family fleeing their homeland. 
They will do anything to protect their family. 
They will do whatever it takes to protect their friends. 
Their business is a cornerstone of the community. 
They love their town and will do anything for it. 
They once travelled with the circus. 
They abandoned their family to become an adventurer. 
They betrayed their best friend to gain power. 
They are deeply in love with their best friend. 
They are in love with a member of a rival family. 
Their duty is to the crown above all else. 
They consider the local tavern to be their home. 
They have a message for the monarch - one that could change everything! 
They used to be an adventurer until a wound took them out of action. 
They trust that their deity will guide their actions.
They have faith that if they work hard things will go well.
They are dedicated to preserving the history of their people.
They aim to spread the stories of their people to the whole world. 
They would die to find the forbidden city and claim it for themselves.
They will someday return to their homeland. 
They are keeping an ancient text hidden from those that would see it destroyed. 
They are haunted by their past - literally! 
They spent years in the world's most famous prison. 
They once sailed the seas as a pirate. 
Their success is because of the kindness of a stranger. 
They secretly sponsor an orphanage. 
They protect a gang of orphans.
They protect a pack of wolves.
They guard a forest glade.
They spend their evenings volunteering for the temples.
They send money home to their loved ones.
They preserve written knowledge for future generations.
Their home is a safehouse for veterans.
Their life's work is to erect beautiful statues around the place.
Their life's work is to feed the hungry across the place.
Their life's goal is to provide for their children.
They left their old home to follow a loved one.
They travel the place with a band of clerics.
They travel the place with a band of bandits.
They travel the place with a band of paladins.
They travel the place with a pack of wolves.
They draw tiny innappropriate body parts on public signs. 
Each morning they run to the nearest village and back. 
They lost their faith in organized religion, but are determined to help others.
A magical accident caused them to permanently change shape, and they will stop at nothing to fix the damage.
A magical accident harmed someone they love, and they will stop at nothing to fix the damage.
A magical accident turned their village to stone, and they will stop at nothing to fix the damage.
They are determined to live free at any cost.
They are considered a pillar of the community. 
A monster killed their lord, and they seek vengeance. 
A bandit robbed them blind, and they seek vengeance.
A wizard turned a loved one to stone, and they seek vengeance.
A bank forclosed on their home, and they desperately seek funds to repay them.
A deserter hides in their home, and they will do anything to protect them.
A prisoner hides in their home, and they will do anything to protect them.
A neighbor owes them money, 
A neighbor holds information about a dirty secret over them.
They have lunch with an orphan each day in the park.
They work in the mines despite the known danger within.
They work in the castle despite the known danger within.
They work long nights to undo a past misdeed.
They work double shifts to provide for a sick loved one.
They hunt in the deep woods to provide for the community.
Their research into forgotten magics will save a doom from befalling their community.
Their research into forgotten magics will put the rightful ruler on the throne.
Their research into forgotten magics will earn them the acclaim they deserve.
Their research into forgotten magics will bring back a loved one from death.
Their research into forgotten magics will cast a dark shadow across the land.
They protect their community from the old magics of the forest.
They protect their community from a group of bandits.
They protect their community from the beasts of the wild.
They protect their community from shady hucksters and snake-oil dealers.
They protect their community from opportunistic goblin raiders.
They protect their community from the evils of intolerance.
They abandoned a loved one to save their community.
They abandoned their ruler to become rich.
They abandined their home to fund a sailing expedition.
They abandoned their buisness to become an adventurer.
They abandoned their ancestral lands to combat a rival.
They abandoned their family to start a buisness in a new land.
They abandoned their family to rescue a friend.
They abandoned their faith to rescue a friend.
They abandoned their faith to rescue a family member.
They abandoned their faith to become rich.
They abandoned their faith to become an adventurer.
They abandoned their faith to protect their community.
They abandoned their community to become rich.
They abandoned their community to become an adventurer.
They abandoned their community to rescue a friend.
They abandoned their community in service of their lord.
Guilt eats away at their every thought.
Their actions once brought a city to its knees.
Their actions once brought peace to a community in danger.
Their actions once brought doom to a coven of mages.
They secretly wish to be a bard.
They secretly wish to be a politician.
They secretly wish to marry an old flame.
They secretly wish to open a bar.
They secretly wish to join a temple. 
They secretly wish to overthrow the local ruler.
They secretly wish to start a brothel.
They secretly wish to start a cult.
They secretly wish their nation would march to war.
They secretly wish to join the circus.
They secretly wish to overthrow a neighbor from a position of power.
They secretly wish to run away to the deep forest.
They secretly wish to run away with their lover.
They secretly wish to escape from their living situation.
They will do whatever it takes to serve the community.
They will do whatever it takes to unearth forgotten knowledge.
They will do whatever it takes to rescue those lost in the deep woods.
They will do whatever it takes to overthrow a corrupt official.
They will do whatever it takes to ensure their legacy survives.
They will do whatever it takes to please their loved ones.
They will do whatever it takes to become rich.
They will do whatever it takes to promote harmony with nature.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the strongest.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the smartest.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the quickest.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the wisest.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the most popular.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the richest.
They will do whatever it takes to serve king and country.
They will do whatever it takes to obtain forbidden knowledge.
They will do whatever it takes to obtain lost magics.
They will do whatever it takes to prove their love to an old flame.
They will do whatever it takes to prove they are the bravest.
They hunt in the desert to provide for their community.
They hunt in the mountains to provide for their community.
They hunt in the darkest depths to provide for their community.
They hunt beneath the earth to provide for their community.
They hunt in the fields around their home to provide for their community.
They hunt in the skies to provide for their community.
They hunt in the back alleys to keep their community safe.
They hunt in the darkest dungeons to keep their community safe.
They hunt in the night to provide for their community.
They hunt wild game to keep their larder full.
A neighbor protected them in their time of need.
A neighbor covered the cost of a severe debt.
A neighbor saved the life of a loved one.
A neighbor owns a buisness with them.
A neighbor taught them a meaningful lesson.
A neighbor revealed to them a dark secret.
They once sailed the seas as a pirate.
They once sailed the seas as a privateer.
They once sailed the seas as a prisoner.
They once were kept prisoner by monsters.
They once were kept prisoner by a rival nation.
They once were kept prisoner by a cult.
They once were kept prisoner by a group of wizards.
They once worked with the local thieves' guild.
They once worked with the local banker's guild.
They once saw an elder god walk out of the sky.
They once saw a mystical being walk into the local forest.
They once watched a necromancer bring someone back from the dead.
They once performed clerical duties for a temple.
They once performed clerical duties for a cult.
They once performed clerical duties for a forgotten diety.
They once performed on stage before thousands.
They once served food for the local royalty.
They once studied arcane practices.
They once studied monster cultures.
They once studied in another plane of existence.
They once studied at a renowned university.
They once studied with a circle of druids.
They swore to unlock the mysteries of a wizard's tower.
They swore to find the person who killed their parents.
They swore to sail around the world.
They swore to discover a new constellation.
They swore to overthrow a corrupt official.
They swore to defeat their rival in combat.
They swore to defeat their rival in a cooking contest.
They swore to defeat their rival in sports.
They swore to defend a temple from evil.
They swore to defend a city from corruption.
They swore to defend an orphanage from monsters.
They swore to defend a small town from raiders.
They swore to keep their knowledge secret.
They swore to keep their alchemical formulae from falling into the wrong hands.
They swore to keep their ancestral sword from falling into the wrong hands.
They swore to keep their ancestal home from falling into disrepair.
They swore to defend their ancestral home from raiding monsters.
They swore to defend their ancestral home from abyssal terrors.
They swore to defend their ancestral home from celestial beings.
They swore to defend their community from a group of evil wizards.
They swore to defend their community from a devil-worshipping cult.
They swore to bring about the end of the world.
They swore to bring about the destruction of a nearby city.
They swore to bring about the destruction of a notorious forest.
They swore to bring a known criminal to justice.
They swore to bring a known assassin to justice.
They swore to bring a despotic ruler to justice.
They swore to find a lost magical artefact.
They swore to find a lost child.
They swore to find a lost civilization.
They swore to find a lost book.
They swore to find the secret to transmute lead into gold.
They swore to find the recipe to make the ultimate healing salve.
They swore to find the recipe that their family lost ages ago.
They swore to clear out a dungeon full of monsters.
They swore to unlock an enchanted chest.
They swore to find a lost sibling.
They swore to solve an ancient riddle.
They swore to taste every alcoholic drink known to mankind.
They swore to be generous with their wealth.
They swore to save every copper piece.
They swore to help others in times of need.
They swore to never be caught with their guard down.
They swore to never fall for another pretty face.
They swore to never allow themselves to be embarrassed in public again.
They swore to improve the lives of others.
They swore to rebuild a collapsed theater.
They swore to fight crime by night.
They swore to never let their voice be silenced by opression.
They swore to learn the great songs of different cultures.