To see their people in their rightful place as rulers.
"There are always those whose need is greater than their own."
Their needs are more important than anyone else's.
"There is always a silver lining you just have to be willing to look hard enough." 
"The world is a dark place - and people make it that way. "
"If a job is worth doing it's worth being paid for. "
"The way to make the world better is a single act of kindness. "
"Violence is the only language universally understood. "
The world is coming to an end and they must warn people. 
They will protect those who cannot protect themselves. 
"All beings are equals and deserve to be treated as such. "
"The gods reward perseverance "
Their purpose is to serve. 
They will not live in chains. 
"There is endless knowledge to be learned."
"The truth must be know no matter the cost." 
They will leave the world a better place than they found it. 
"Emotions cloud your judgement." 
"Power comes to those brave enough to seize it." 
"We can always improve ourselves." 
"There is more that unites us than divides us." 
"Those that break the law deserve to be punished." 
"Gold is the only true path to freedom." 
"Our elders deserve respect." 
Everyone should be free to follow their dreams. 
No one tells them what to do. 
The only constant in this world is change. 
Happiness is all that matters. 
Only the strong survive. 
Without faith we are animals.
Their family will always come first. 
Tradition must be preserved.
Charity is critical to living a good life. 
Tradition holds us back. 
Charity start at home. 
We must embrace change. 
Change is good. 
Change is frightening. 
Power corrupts all those it touches. 
Their faith is the most important aspect of their life.
Faith is for the weak. 
They don't need anyone else to be happy. 
The happiness of their friends is more important than their own happiness. 
They will protect their friends at any cost. 
Friends are a liability. 
Without honor they are nothing. 
Better to die with honor than live without. 
Honor is for fools. 
Greed is contagious we must resist its pull. 
There is no such thing as too much. 
People will always hurt you. 
They are searching for redemption. 
They are trying to atone for their past. 
Beauty can be found all around us. 
They believe they are the chosen one. 
There is no problem that cannot be solved by thinking. 
They will prove themselves to the world.
They will prove themselves to their family. 
Community is at the heart of everything they do. 
The wealth belongs with the people. 
They are only interested in money and fame. 
No one is above the law. 
Everyone deserves a fair trial. 
Everyone deserves a chance at life. 
Criminals deserve death. 
Real art comes from pain. 
Never lie - especially to yourself. 
Their talents deserve to be shared. 
The only company one needs is themselves. 
Blood runs thicker than water.
Family is more than blood. 
Blood is power. 
They will do anything to secure their legacy. 
Glory can only be found at the end of a sword. 
Glory is for fools. 
Beauty is the only thing worth fighting for. 
Love is the only thing worth dying for. 
Nothing is worth dying for. 
People matter not ideals. 
Their position commands respect. 
Respect must be earned. 
A live of service is a life well lived. 
We can improve ourselves every day. 
The sea is the only place I can be free.
Emotions have no place in combat. 
Emotions hold us back.
Love makes us weak. 
No nation is more important than the people. 
Freedom must be fought for. 
Peace demands constant effort. 
War is the default peace the exception. 
Peace is a lie. 
War only benefits the wealthy. 
The workers should own the means of production. 
A person is smart. People are stupid. 
People are inherently greedy. 
People are ultimately good. 
Compliance is defeat. 
The rich deserve to be torn down. 
Poor people are a plague. 
The true path to power is understanding.
They seek the thrill of discovery.
All that matters is their friends.
They would do anything for their gang.
They would do anything for their nation.
Revelry in chaos is the ultimate achevement.
Anything is possible with a few gold coins in your pocket.
Dream big, and let no one tell you otherwise.
They would rather live a lifetime in the woods than spend an hour in a city.
The fight against evil is never ending, and they are ever-vigilant.
The fight against good is never ending, and they are ever-vigilant.
They will always ensure that a task is done right, and not quickly.
We must respect our elders and those who came before.
They inform their decisions from historical precedents. 
Stand tall before your fears, otherwise they will consume you whole.
Fleeing from a superior foe is not weakness.
They are drawn to beautiful works of art.
They are drawn to places of dark worship.
They'll never be bored with a dagger in hand.
They'll never be bored with a full tankard in hand.
They would do anything to survive, including leaving allies behind.
They would do anything for king and country.
A true patriot never follows their leaders blindly, and is considerate of their actions. 
They live for the people in their neighborhood.
Civility is only for those who haven't spent time out in the wilderness.
They only feel alive when money is on the line.
They are drawn to follow strong leaders.
They are drawn to protect places of beauty.
They are drawn to protect places of worship.
They are drawn to help others in need.
They are drawn to help those that are lost.
They are drawn to walk the wilderness and help those they find.
They are drawn to heal the wounds of animals.
They are drawn to understanding mystical theory.
They are drawn to fighting strong foes.
They are drawn to create elaborate stone statues.
They are drawn to places of mystical power.
They would do anything for a friend.
They would do anything for the right price.
They would do anything for their family.
They would do anything for their loved one.
They would do anything to gain incredible power.
They would do anything to become wealthy.
They would do anything to secure their legacy.
They would do anything to protect their lifestyle.
They would do anything for a chance to perform on stage.
They would do anything for a chance to meet with a famous artist.
They would do anything to gan entry into academia.
They would do anything to learn about alchemy.
They would do anything to learn how to heal.
They would do anything to protect a circle of druids.
They would do anything to overcome a rival.
They would do anything to catch the attention of a powerful mage.
They would do anything to catch the attention of a powerful warrior.
They would do anything to remain incognito.
They would do anything to ensure that a loved one survives disaster.
The true path to power is friendship.
The true path to power is magical knowledge.
The true path to power is overwhelming strength.
The true path to power is a keen mind.
The true path to power is swift feet.
The true path to power is military strength.
The true path to power is kindless.
The true path to power is a gigantic steam-powered automaton.
The true path to power is an eldritch pact.
The true path to power is a deal with the devil.
The true path to power is at the end of their fist.
All that matters is personal comfort.
All that matters is coming home at the end of the day.
All that matters is a profitable shop.
All that matters is a loving family.
All that matters is a cold sword in their hand.
All that matters is a successful hunt.
All that matters is mystical knowledge.
All that matters is the king is happy.
All that matters is their rival is defeted.
All that matters is time to relax in the sun.
All that matters is finding quality time for friends.
They would rather spend an afternoon with a book than an evening with strangers.
They dream of owning a bookstore.
They dream of sailing the seas.
They dream of finding lost treasure.
They dream of joining a traveling music group.
They dream of singing in front of thousands.
They dream of perfecting a baking recipe.
They dream of owning their own tavern.
They dream of becoming a mage.
They dream of becoming a renowned warrior.
They dream of travelling to far of places.
They dream of exploring lost civilizations.
They dream of discovering a new kind of alchemy.
They dream of bringing the dead back to life.
They dream of providing for their loved ones.
They dream of everlasting glory.
They dream of overthrowing a local ruler.
They dream of having a drink named after them.
They dream of seeing a dragon.
They dream of becoming a necromancer.
They dream of writing a great novel.
They only feel alive when running from authority.
They only feel alive when fighting a superior foe.
They only feel alive when swimming in the ocean.
They only feel alive when cleaning out their home.
They only feel alive when drunk at the tavern.
They only feel alive when preforming for their loved ones.
They only feel alive when performing death-defying acts.
They only feel alive when reading from lost tomes.
They only feel alive when searching for magical artefacts.
They only feel alive when creating brand-new alchemy recipes.
They only feel alive when teaching new generations of students.
They only feel alive when breaking the law.
They only feel alive when giving selflessly to others.
They only feel alive when hunting wild game.
They only feel alive when walking through untamed wilderness.
They only feel alive when dancing.
They only feel alive when searching for lost knowledge.
They only feel alive when baking new kinds of pastries.
They only feel alive when dining on exotic foods.
They only feel alive when showing hospitality to foriegn travellers.
They only feel alive when helping the sick. 
Anything is possible with a swift steed between their legs.
Anything is possible with the right set of connections.
Anything is possible with a sword at your side.
Anything is possible with their friends at their side.
Anything is possible with power at their beck and call.
Anything is possible with the right leverage.
Anything is possible with arcane knowledge.
Anything is possible with a wink and a smile.
Anything is possible when applying pressure at the right places.
Anything is possible with a crooked ruler in their corner.
Anything is possible with the theives' guild at their beck and call.
Anything is possible with the fighter's guild at their beck and call.
Anything is possible with a little muscle.
Anything is possible with a keen blade at the right moment.
Anything is possible with faith.
Anything is possible with hope.
Anything is possible with courage.
Anything is possible with overwhelming strength.
Anything is possible with academic knowledge.
Anything is possible with fate on their side.
Anything is possible with luck on their side.
Anything is possible with the gods on their side.
Anything is possible with the devil on their side.
Anything is possible with the sea breeze in your hair.
The only constant in this world is chaos.
The only constant in this world is the law.
The only constant in this world is death.
The only constant in this world is taxes.
The only constant in this world is suffering.
The only constant in this world is the gods.
The only constant in this world is magic.
The only constant in this world is the goodwill of others.
The only constant in this world is dropping toast butter-side down.
All that matters is community growth.
All that matters is personal growth.
All that matters is opening a successful buisness.
All that matters is supporting their loved ones.
All that matters is defeating a menacing monster.
All that matters is a successful harvest.
All that matters is a crowded tavern.
All that matters is a song in their heart.
All that matters is going home at the end of the day.
All that matters is their children in their arms.
All that matters is a stout shield in their hands.
All that matters is protecting their lords from harm.
All that matters is protecting the lands from invaders.
All that matters is discovering forgotten civilizations.
All that matters is discovering lost recipes.
All that matters is finding their missing keys.
All that matters is their pets.
They seek the answer to everything.
They seek the answer to why the gods allow bad things to happen to good people.
They seek the answer to protect others from mystical harm.
They seek the answer to placing curses on rivals.
They seek the answer to unseating the gods.
They hold total respect for authority.
They hold total respect for past traditions.
They hold total respect for their elders.
They hold total respect for arcane practices.
They hold total respect for the law.
They hold total respect for royalty.
They hold total respect for their community.
They hold total respect for untamed nature.
They hold total respect for the sea.
They hold total respect for their guild.
They hold total respect for their family.
They hold total respect for a rival nation.
They hold total respect for the dead.
They hold total respect for punctuality.