They refused to apologise for their mistakes
They have to be the center of attention 
They will never be the last to retreat
Magic is unnatural as are all those who practice it! 
If people are kind to them they will tell them anything. 
They laugh when they are nervous
They have a secret that would tear their family apart
They always escalate an argument to violence. 
They are so absent minded they miss simple details.
They are addicted to a harmful substance. 
They have no sense of purpose in life. 
Their fear keeps them from trying new things. 
They think they are better than everyone else. 
They don't think the law should apply to them. 
They are a terrible gossip. 
They hate everyone.
They are very blunt regardless of people's feelings. 
They never consider others' emotions.
They enjoy making people uncomfortable. 
They are very childish. 
They are too forward. 
They are very loud. 
They flirt with everyone.
They are cruel.
They never tell the whole truth. 
They always tell the truth. 
They believe they are a celebrity. 
They are jealous of their neighbors. 
They can't hold their attention to one thing for long. 
They are fickle. 
They believe their own happiness is more important than anything else. 
They can't take a joke. 
They are contradictory. 
They are stupid. 
They are ignorant to the real world. 
They have no patience. 
They pay no respect to the Gods. 
They have no enthusiasm for anything. 
They are lazy. 
They are indecisive. 
They are clumsy.
They enjoy meddling in the affairs of others. 
They are a know it all. 
They are meek. 
They are obsessed with wealth. 
They are obsessed with fame. 
They obsess over all the small details.
They are overconfident. 
They overreact to everything. 
They are paranoid. 
They are a perfectionist. 
They are a pessimist. 
They are proud. 
They are reckless. 
They are always sarcastic. 
They are selfish. 
They are self-righteous. 
They are shallow. 
They are spineless. 
They are spoiled. 
They are stubborn.
They are timid. 
They are unpredictable. 
They are vain. 
They are withdrawn. 
They are manipulative. 
They are gullible. 
They are naïve.
They are obnoxious. 
They are adulterous. 
They are apathetic. 
They are bitter. 
The are judgemental. 
They are possessive. 
They are cheap. 
They are remorseless.
They are judgemental.
They trust the church blindly. 
They trust the government blindly. 
They can't refuse a pretty face. 
They can't resist someone who can sing. 
They wear their heart on their sleeve. 
They will always choose money. 
They are never satisfied. 
They enjoy violence. 
They wish they could commit murder. 
They are a kleptomaniac. 
They expect everyone's attention. 
Kindness is weakness. 
They are shameless. 
They always follow orders.
They never follow orders. 
They only trust members of their own race. 
They never admit they are wrong. 
They always obey the law. 
They always follow the rules. 
They deny the existence of the gods. 
They always go big. 
Why fight when you can poison. 
They react with violence at the slightest provocation
They break into dance at the slightest provocation.
They break into song at the slightest provocation.
They get lost in deep thought frequently.
They often forget where they are going.
They often forget the names of people they just met.
They always search for the best bargain.
They always haggle.
They sing to themselves when stressed.
They hum softly while lost in thought.
They never stop talking.
They quickly jump to conclusions.
They run at the first sign of trouble.
They run at the first sign of violence.
They retreat when confronted.
They steal small trinkets whenever possible.
They pocket coins whenever possible.
They refuse to tip waitstaff.
They believe the world revolves around them.
They refuse to speak to anyone they see as "lower class".
They refuse to interact with farmers.
They refuse to interact with the town guard.
They are habitual liars.
They refuse to attend social functions with anyone from the "upper class".
They would do anything to get ahead in life, even if it meant harming others.
They are compulsive gamblers.
They are constantly in self-inflicted debt.
They seek out dangerous situations.
They drink alcohol to excess.
They smoke tobacco in excess.
They see no shame in robbing others.
Their best achievements were in the past, and they dwell on them constantly.
They dwell on their failures frequently.
They lose themselves in drink far too frequently.
They lose themselves to carnal pleasures too frequently.
They lose themselves to illicit goods too frequently.
They always seek for the path of least resistance.
They complain nonstop about minor inconveniences.
They refuse to work when tired.
They refuse to stop working, even at a detriment to their health.
They have a terrible singing voice, of which they are oblivious. 
They refuse to seek medical help in times of need.
They refuse the aid of neighbors, for fear of seeming weak.
They despise any kind of authority.
They despise any kind of royalty.
They despise any kind of foreigners.
They re oblivious to their surroundings when lost in thought.
They are patriotic to a fault.
They are idyllic to a fault.
They see no point in saving money for a later day,
They steal food even when they are not hungry.
They pocket small trinkets from anyone who doesn't notice them.
They whistle mindlessly during inopportune moments.
They refuse to see both sides of an argument when they are convinced they are right.
They have a bias against actors.
They have a bias against farmers.
They have a bias against the poor.
They have a bias against orphans.
They have a bias against city guards.
They have a bias against jugglers.
They have a bias against libraries.
They have a bias against schools.
They have a bias against larger cities.
They have a bias against sailors.
They have a bias against dock workers.
They have a bias against animals.
They blame small accidents on "the fey folk".
They rarely acknowledge their own faults.
They are oblivious to the faults of loved ones. 
They are oblivious to the faults of authority.
They are oblivious to obvious signs of danger.
They are obsessed with becoming an adventurer.
They are obsessed with becoming a soldier.
They are obsessed with becoming a sailor.
They are obsessed with becoming royalty.
They are obsessed with joining the city guard.
They are obsessed with becoming a mage.
They are obsessed with joining the thieves' guild.
They are obsessed with joining a high-ranking guild.
They are obsessed with joining a travelling circus.
They are obsessed with joining a magical bureaucracy.
They are obsessed with necromancy.
They are obsessed with the ebb and flow of magic.
They are obsessed with an unusual diety.
They are obsessed with a long-forgotten diety.
They are obsessed with an abominable elder god. 
They are obsessed with a fey lord.
They are obsessed with joining a devil-worshipping cult.
They seek a worthy death in battle, despite never fighting anyone in their life.
They seek a worthy opponent to defeat them in a child's game.
They will argue with anyone.
They react with violence if startled.
They react with violence if any oppose their views.
They frequently insert curse words into their daily vernacular.
They mutter curse words during inopportune moments.
They mutter prayers during inopportune moments.
They mutter their shopping list during inopportune moments.
They fart nervously during inopportune moments.
They burp loudly during inopportune moments.
They have tremendous difficulty with remembering names.
They have tremendous difficulty with remembering faces.
They have tremendous difficulty with respecting their elders.
They have tremendous difficulty with returning borrowed items.
They have tremendous difficulty with remembering important dates.
They have tremendous difficulty with arriving on time.
They have tremendous difficulty with mantaining proper cleaning habits.
They have tremendous difficulty directly communincating with others.
They have tremendous difficulty with wearing appropriate clothing. 
They have tremendous difficulty with learning new tasks.
They easily forget important details.
They are obsessed with the power of magical flight.
They are obsessed with the power of invisibility.
They are obsessed with the explosive power of fire.
They are obsessed with gunpowder.
They are obsessed with swords.
They are obsessed with small animals.
They are obsessed with a coven of witches.
They are obsessed with bringing a loved one back from the dead.
They are obsessed with seeing into the future.
They are obsessed with finding a lost treasure.
They are obsessed with finding a lost loved one.
They are obsessed with slaying a mythical beast.
They blindly seek revenge against a one-armed orc.
They blindly seek revenge against a rival.
They blindly seek revenge against a king.
They blindly seek revenge against a inter-dimensional being of great power.
They blindly seek revenge against a local hero.
They blindly seek revenge against a band of adventurers.
They blindly seek revenge against a local tavern.
They blindly seek revenge against a nearby town.
They blindly seek revenge against a coven of witches.
They blindly seek revenge against a monsterous bear.
They blindly seek revenge against a former teacher.
They blindly seek revenge against a innocent-looking young child.
They blindly seek revenge against a judge.
They blindly seek revenge against a former loved one.
They blindly seek revenge against a fell necromancer.
They blindly seek revenge against a careless wizard apprentice.
They blindly seek revenge against a circle of druids.
They blindly seek revenge against a local thieves' guild.
They blindly seek revenge against a baker's guild.
They blindly seek revenge against a wandering cartographer.
They covet the wealth of a neighbor.
They covet the prosperity of a rival town.
They covet the loved one of a rival.
They covet the attention of a distant relative.
They covet the attention of the crowd.
They covet the attention of a local ruler.
They covet the deeds of a band of adventurers.
They covet the life of a historic figure.
They covet the lifestyle of an easy-going druid.
They covet the lifestyle of a mystical healer.
They covet the lifestyle of an infamous thief.
They covet the lifestyle of a heroic warrior.
They covet the lifestyle of a mysterious sorcerer.
They show cowardice when faced with the unknown.
They show cowardice when confronted.
They show cowardice when faced with their own shortcomings.
They show cowardice when under pressure.
They are naive about local customs. 
They are naive about people outside their social circle.
They are naive about life outside their town.
They are naive about the "birds and the bees".
They carry out their buisness with an air of pretension.
They fly into a rage when upset.
They fly into a rage at the smallest inconvenience.
They fly into a rage when surprised.
They fly into a rage at the drop of a hat.
They have a strong paranoia about goblins.
They have a strong paranoia about elves.
They have a strong paranoia about animals.
They have a strong paranoia about dwarves.
They have a strong paranoia about humans.
They have a strong paranoia about adventurers.
They have a strong paranoia about authoroty.
They have a strong paranoia about halflings.
They have a strong paranoia about tieflings.
They have a strong paranoia about dragonborn.
They have a strong paranoia about jesters.
They have a strong paranoia about farmers.
They have a strong paranoia about caves.
They have a strong paranoia about graveyards.
They have a strong paranoia about social gatherings.
They have a strong paranoia about orcs.
They have a strong paranoia about vampires.
They have a strong paranoia about orphans.
They have a strong paranoia about the rich.
They have a strong paranoia about the poor.
They have a strong paranoia about aasimar.
They have a strong paranoia about the city watch.
They have a strong paranoia about sailors.
They have a strong paranoia about acedemics.
They have a strong paranoia about wizards.
They have a strong paranoia about healers.
They have a strong paranoia about alchemists.
They have a strong paranoia about guilds.
They have a strong paranoia about diseases.
They have a strong paranoia about forests.
They have a strong paranoia about mountains.
They have a strong paranoia about banks.
They have a strong paranoia about marketplaces.
They have a strong paranoia about royalty.
They have a strong paranoia about the open ocean.
They have a strong paranoia about heavy storms.
They have a strong paranoia about clear blue skies.
They have a strong paranoia about stacks of books.
They have a strong paranoia about dirt and trash.
They have a strong paranoia about the number 9.
They have a strong paranoia about languages other than their own.
They have a strong paranoia about bees.
They have a strong paranoia about beekeepers.
They have a strong paranoia about dogs.
They have a strong paranoia about cats.
They have a strong paranoia about birds.
They have a strong paranoia about wolves.
They have a strong paranoia about lumberjacks.
They have a strong paranoia about porters.
They have a strong paranoia about cows.
They have a strong paranoia about horses.
They have a strong paranoia about alcohol.
They have a strong paranoia about holidays.
They have a strong paranoia about loud noises.
They have a strong paranoia about enclosed spaces.
They have a strong paranoia about thieves.
They have a strong paranoia about very tall people.
They have a strong paranoia about very short people.
They have a strong paranoia about clowns.
They constantly search for illicit drugs.
They constantly search for advice from others.
They constantly search for a new path in life.
They constantly search for validation from strangers.
They constantly search for their next drink.
They constantly search for their next mark.
They constantly search for a new loved one.
They constantly search for a lost trinket.
They constantly obsess over their personal appearance
They constantly obsess of how others think of them.
They constantly obsess over their morality.
They constantly obsess over past decisions.
They constantly obsess over money issues.
They constantly obsess over matters of rival states.
They constantly obsess over future decisions.
They constantly obsess over small details.