Wears too much jewelry
They are always seen chewing gum
They are always carrying a book, or multiple
Never seen with their hair tied up
Sneezes when nervous, anxious, etc.
Unhealthy obsession with a certain food
Serious grammar/ spelling/ punctuation Nazi
Good with computers, technology, etc.
Always wears a cartoon character shirt (SpongeBob, Hello Kitty, etc.)
Twitches when nervous
Snorts when laughing
Paces back and forth when thinking, nervous, etc.
Able to hack computers/electronic devices
Uses large words that not many people have heard of/ understand
Uses acronyms for everything and anything they can
Unhealthy collection of stuffed animals
Obsessed with cleaning/ personal hygiene
Germophobe
Mumbles things to themself constantly (A song, a poem, a conversation, etc.)
Gets annoyed easily (Snaps at anytime, yells a lot, etc.)
Constantly on social media (Facebook, Tumblr, etc.)
Wears glasses but doesn't need them
Never sleeps (insomniac)
Afraid to eat in front of others
Fear of a silly object (plants, water, straws)
Fear of bugs/insects
Fear of animals/ people
Can calculate math in their head, but can't count on fingers
Has a watch, but carries it in their pocket instead of on their wrist
Has a noticeable scar on a part of their body (forearm, face, etc.)
Is constantly seen drawing, reading, and/or writing
Always carries a notebook with them
Is terribly shy
Hears voices/ sounds
Hallucinates
Terrible liar
Feels needy or too dependent to loved ones/ friends
Always know what direction they are walking in
Can recite lines from movies or books
Has the entire Bible memorized
Can recite Bible verses with no problem
Can read two pages of a book at once
Photographic memory
Instrument prodigy
Afraid of fire
Fear of heights
Can't swim
Ambidextrous (can write, draw, paint, etc. with both hands)
Always hot
Always cold
Keeps invisible pets
Grown adult, still has imaginary friends
Always seen listening to music
Cocky, arrogant attitude
Obsessive gamer
Has to do everything twice
Paranoid about anything and everything
Talks to plants
Talks to animals
Always seen drinking tea, lemonade, etc.
Has a terrible cough, even though they're not sick
Prefers to skip, rather than walk normally
Can't drive, takes public transportation
Destroys/ breaks everything they come in contact with
Types with one finger
Can't stand even/ odd numbers
Obsession with symmetry
Terrible/ good at math
School dropout
Afraid of a certain shape
Always positive/ negative
Speaks with a high pitched voice when nervous, scared, etc.
Fidgets out of habit
Sniffs, even when not sick
Snores when sleeping
Addicted to a food
Addicted to a TV show
Can't let go of a deceased friend, pet, family member, etc.
Falls asleep easy
Narcoleptic (falling asleep at any random time)
Handwriting is very small/ large
Grown adult, likes to play with toys
Do-gooder
Overachiever
Underachiever
Always drunk/high
Wears a different wig everyday
Wears a bow, headband, hair clip, etc. in hair everyday
Wears a different hairstyle everyday
Outfit repeater
Can only speak in quotes from Regina George from Mean Girls
Wears pink on every Wednesday
Pretends they are in Les Miserables
Cosplays constantly, even out in public
Believes they can fly
Sketch artist
Photographer
Vegan, vegetarian, etc.
Always wears pleather
Obsession with a certain color
Obsession with a period in history (1900s, 1800s, Victorian Era, Renaissance, etc.)
Has a different boyfriend every week/ month, etc.
Memorizes phone numbers on commericals, build boards, business cards, etc.
Bites/chews lips
Breathes from their mouth
Great/bad dancer
Doesn't know how to drive
Never wears underwear/socks
Technophobe
Easy to impress/convince
Takes a photo of themself everyday
Collects dolls, snowglobes, post cards, etc.
Obsession with the dead
Practices smiling/ talking in a mirror
Manipulator
Great salesperson
Has to touch everything and anything
Blind/deaf
Unable to speak
Obsessed with a holiday (Christmas, Halloween, etc.)
Can't let their food touch
Can't eat anything green, orange, etc.
Always eats seafood
Perfectionist
Always has a toothpick in their mouth
Haunted by a ghost
Afraid of heights
Must do everything in twos
Always exhausted
Able to invent anything with limited supplies
Lives on a desert island
Extremely religious
Extremely superstitious
Bipolar
Has OCD
Rearranges furniture everyday
Prankster/jokester
Class clown
Can't stand anyone who uses electricity when it's not needed
Falls in love with the first person they see
In a "relationship" with a pet
Coward/ scares easily
Believes everyone they meet is their best friend
Forgets everything
Always wake up really late/ really early
Unforgivably selfish
Acts dumb to attract people/people
Believes in giving friendly advice to others, makes themself look like a know it all
Anything they say sounds accidentally mean
Obsessed with boyfriend/girlfriend
Daydreams constantly
Two-faced
Always wears a dress or skirt
Wears different colored eye contacts every day; no one knows their true eye color
Never talks or socializes with anyone
Cross dresses for fun
Extremely loyal to friends and/or family
Forgives easily
Counts everything
Writes with right hand, does everything else with left hand
Strongly believes in Friday the 13th
Terrified of soft things
Allergic to nuts, shellfish, cats, etc.
A person who wears mens' perfume
Has a high pitched/ squeaky laugh
Unnecessarily carries a briefcase everywhere
Won't drive a car unless it's a van, SUV, convertible, etc.
Addicted to texting
Unable to have children
Hates children
Always has a candle lit
Goes to the gym everyday
Likes/ hates routines
Night owl
Morning person
Teacher's pet
Lucky/ unlucky
Prefers fake flowers to real ones
Only eats anything that's coated in chocolate
Always on the phone
Can't cook
Loses everything easily
Can't drive a car, but can operate a plane or helicopter
Picks scabs
Treasures useless objects (rocks, sand, leaves, etc.)
Collects rocks
Must always write on lined paper
Can't write in cursive
Thinks they're a mime or clown
Gives children/ friends/ family anything they want, even though they're going broke
Fails to clean their home
Can't stand when people chew with their mouth open
Indecisive
A child who likes pink
Gives everyone they talk to a pet name (sweetie, babe, doll, etc)
Can't keep relationships
Fails to come into work
Never brushes teeth and/or hair
Believes in conspiracy theories
Gullable
Collects animal bones, skin, furs, etc.
Takes everything they hear to heart
Reads minds
Believes they are a vampire/ werewolf
Throws things when angry
Has bad gas
Nails are always painted
Their outfits must always match
Prefers pens, not pencils, vice versa
Can play guitar, drums, bass, etc.
Fangirl/child over an anime, a band, a TV show, a video game, etc.)
Can recite the alphabet backwards perfectly
Has Christmas tree up all year around
Celebrates all holidays on the wrong date
Throws stupid/useless parties (stuffed animal party, pajama party, etc.)
Always knows what phase the moon is in
Always knows what temperature it is outside
Dyes their hair a different color constantly
Is always using chapstick, lip gloss, or lipstick
Is never seen with/without makeup
Can give you the longitude and latitude of their current location
Has an STD
Always feels guilty about something
Mispronounces words
Misinterprets phrases, conversations, etc.
Accidentally make sexual innuendos
Has a catchphrase (that's what theysaid, oh my god, say what?, etc.)
Still lives in the 1980s, 90s, etc.
Is convincing everyone that they are Batman
Still watches children's shows (Barney, Sesame Street, etc.)
An unhealthy obsession with Kermit the Frog
Can correctly guess anyone's zodiac sign
Can correctly estimate a person's bra size
Can correctly guess anyone's weight
Addicted to caffeinated drinks (coffee, tea, soda, etc.)
Can't stand to eat eggs, believes it's "murder"
Always acts suspicious, even though they aren't
Participates in live action roleplay (LARP)
Can't ride a bike
Cracks lame jokes that nobody laughs at
Is always seen wearing pajamas
Scam artist
Afraid of the internet
Only eats meat
Eats everything raw- including meat
Peels the skin around their nail
Names inanimate objects and becomes attached to them
Plays with mundane items (bottle caps, paper clips, bobby pins, etc.)
Believes they can fix anything with tape
Convinced they are a celebrity
Nails/toenails are disgustingly long
Ladies' person
Obsessed with other people's hair
Belongs to an obscure subculture
Attends raves/ dance parties
Knows the Thriller dance from beginning to end
Pretends they are a zombie on occasion
Learns dances from music videos
Obsessed with twerking
Uses acronyms during conversations (LOL, OMG, ROFL, etc.)
Finds out peoples' peeves, and does them
Becomes friends with others for their things (if they have a nice car, nice house, rich, etc.)
Is always asking others for money or food
Avoids paying taxes
Can't pronounce certain words
Short tempered
Makes everyday things fun for themselves and for others
Walks into stores and always buys something- even if it's something they don't want or need
Always has to have the best everything (clothes, electronics, food, etc.)
Hires a babysitter because they're lonely. They don't have kids
Hires services to come to the house, even when not necessary (plumber, maid, etc.)
History of heavy drug/ alcohol usage
Never ties their shoes
Doesn't wear shoes/ socks
Speaks in a monotone voice
Speaks the same regardless if they're angry, upset, happy, etc.
Doesn't like surprises or gifts
Refuses to celebrate their birthday or any holiday
Born in a leap year
Shuffles their feet
Slow walker
Uses wheelchair, cane, walker, etc.
Goes grocery shopping everyday
Takes deceased spouse, spouse, friend, etc. to their favorite restaurant on a "date"
Always dresses formally
Walks around naked at home
Never shaves any part of their body
Never showers
Eats the same meals at the same time, everyday
Always wants thing ran "their way"
Overthinks situations
Gets a hair cut everyday
Compares themselves to celebrities, even though they aren't similar one bit
Treats people terribly, expects to be treated very nicely
Impatient
Rocks on heels every time they stand
Sweats profusely
Has a stutter, lisp, or speech impediment
Can predict the future
Lies about dumb things
Believes they are in an intimate relationship with their bed
Needs a fan on to sleep
Carries a pillow with them everywhere
Chews ice cubes, hates to drink water
Constantly eating mints and/ or candy
Buys a new computer/ electronic device everyday
Heavy sleeper
Very light sleeper
Needs their dog/cat with them in bed to sleep
Fear of closed doors
Afraid of going somewhere alone
Hangs out in clubs or bars every night
Wears clothes with the tags still on them
Has a list of all food in the cupboard and refrigerator
Can spell any word
Human calculator
Can calculate the area and perimeter of any room or shape
Knows useless facts about landmarks, celebrities, the human body, etc.
Grosses people out for fun
Always mistakes people for other people
Can't remember names of people they know well
Acts very strange around their crush
Makes a list for everything and anything
Nocturnal lifestyle
Serious athlete
Can't drink out of glass. Must drink from a paper or plastic cup
Can't balance on left/ right foot, but can balance perfectly on the other
Gets extremely offended when anyone uses foul language
Has a terrible potty mouth
Saves their urine in a jar
Donates blood everyday
They refuse to live with their spouse
Afraid of cats/dogs
Kleptomaniac
The only thing they watch is SpongeBob reruns
Has never watched a movie in their life before
Owns a prestigious company
Dresses like a slob, is a millionaire
Owns every gaming system that has ever been distributed
Pretends to be single to friends/family,is married and has children
Only attracted to married people/people
Refuses to chew their food, and only consumes liquids
Refuses to eat fruits or vegetables that haven't been grown in their state/country
Obsessed with their image
Still lives at home with their parents
Secretly lives in a nursing home... they are still young
"Borrows" a friend's baby, and pretends it's their own to get attention
Pretends they're pregnant to receive time off of work
Only drinks/ eats purple foods. (eggplant, Skittles, grapes, etc.)
Extremely shy, but they believe they will become an actor/actress
Child activist
Tells everyone they have killed a person with their thumb
Regularly bathes in milk and vinegar
Believes in magic
Believes they're a mermaid/merman
Waiting for their acceptance letter from Hogwarts. They're not 11. They're 40.
Can't walk in high heels
Constantly makes animal noises
An adult who must be entertained like a child
Must always sleep with the lights on
An adult who still uses a nightlight
Refuses to leave the house
Sleeps with their favorite stuffed animal from when they were children
A grown person who plays with dolls
Smells strangers' hair
A die hard fan of Kim Kardashian
Only sees the worst in people
Optimist
Pessimist
Afraid of feet
Food allergy
Laughs at things that aren't considered funny
Never uses proper punctuation
Types in all CAPS
Know it all
Lives in a  large, metropolitan city, uses a horse as transportation
A die hard fan of Grumpy Cat
Has bad acne
Can't count to 100
Falls constantly
Constantly injured, even if it's a paper cut
Never washes their sheets
Hasn't read a book in over 10 years
Couch potato
Always grumpy, and/or complaining about something
Keeps a collection of spoons
Abnormally tall or short
Eats butter straight from the stick
Successfully picks up people/people with corny pickup lines.
Can tie a cherry stem with their tongue
Only drinks water from a water bottle
Always has a scab, scratch, rash, etc. on visible body part
Hypochondriac (afraid of getting sick)
Only uses hand sanitizer, refuses to wash hands
Must rearrange items on desk everyday
Can't stand when others reposition their car seat
Has never eaten bread before
Never goes outside when dark
Never seen snow
Survived a natual disaster (hurricane, earthquake, flood, etc.)
Adopted
Lives with grandparents, aunt, uncle, etc.
Divorced/widowed
Speaks with an accent (English, Spanish, Italian, etc.)
Obsession with nutcrackers
Has an exotic animal as a pet (lion, tiger, alligator, etc.)
Pees pants when nervous, excited, etc.
Pushes up glasses constantly
Is always seen reading comic books
Believes they are an obscure super hero
Believes they are capable of telepathy/telekinesis
Has a pet rock/brick
Names their pets after random objects (Brick, Bottle Cap, Tape, etc.)
Vehicle enthusist
Is always seen driving a new/different car everyday
Can write and/or draw with toes
Only eats salty foods
Obsession with apples
Has a two foot long beard
When hot, sits in the fridge/freezer
Grunts and/or wheezes at random times and stops suddenly
Literally has a difficult time getting out of bed
Obsession with One Direction/Justin Bieber
Tells everyone they are YouTube famous; has 40 (or less)  subscribers
Never looks anyone in the eye when talking to them
Convinced they're a Disney princess
Always wears sunglasses indoors and outdoors
Embarrasses themselves for a laugh
Wears their clothes inside out/upside down
Eats standing up (including meals)
Tells everyone they're a messenger of God
Tells everyone they're a fallen angel
Keeps passwords/passcodes on all electronic devices
Gets embarrassed easily
Tries too hard to be funny
Believes they're better than everyone, regardless of the circumstance
Takes on a new hobby. Thinks they're good at said hobby, but actually is terrible
Blinded by their own success
Untrustworthy
Believes their looks come first
A person who catfishes over the internet
Part of the Secret Service
Obsession with other people's feet
A masseuse with grossly long fingernails
Always finishes every sentence and makes it sound like a question
Gets frustrated when people pronounce words incorrectly
Refuses to drink anything with ice in it
Will do everything and anything it takes to save money
Double jointed
Can play any composition or song by looking/ listening to the music once
Can speak any and every language known to person
Afraid of mirrors and/or reflections
Always knows the correct amount of calories in any food or drink item
Seeking a cure for cancer
Collects twigs and sticks
Always has their fireplace on, even in the summer
Prefers old model cars than newer ones
Can walk home blindfolded, from miles away from their house
Can see exceptionally well
Can smell as well as a dog
Has a home library of over 500 books
Constantly forgets their car keys inside their locked car
Able to pick locks
Sits a certain way (criss-cross legged, crouched, slumped over, etc.)
Always mixes their peas in with their mashed potatoes
Believes in things a certain way and wants nothing to do with those who think differently
Judgemental
Still believes in Santa, Easter Bunny, etc.
Hard to impress
Ambitious and looking forward to something
Cleans their house for 3 hours everyday
Lives in their car
Hasn't communicated with their family in over 10 years
Coward
Workaholic
Claims they have seen Bigfoot
Tells everyone they have been abducted by aliens
Lives in an insane asylum
Is always seen wearing black
Collects batteries
Uses bare hands to get things out of a hot oven
Walks on tip-toes
Bites nails
Takes pictures of random people
Takes pictures of good looking people/people in public
Addicted to Hot Pockets
Can talk perfectly like a narrator, can't spell
Vacuums every surface of their home
Always buys things for random strangers
Eats from a dog food dish